---
title: 'Day 2: Sphere'
date: '2026-07-07'
---

Second day patch! This is a weird one, and it isn't really what I set out to do... But then, I don't really know what I was trying to do anyway. I definitely figured out some more quirks of Touch Designer. The aesthetic result is... questionable? IDK, it looks like this:

{% autoplayVideoLoop "1207884727", "https://player.vimeo.com/progressive_redirect/playback/1207884727/rendition/720p/file.mp4%20%28720p%29.mp4?loc=external&signature=0b8c81f379527c86515275ebf49a1167bd4a7177aff98c260c4151d959762b61" %}

A screenshot of the patch:

{% photoGrid "vertical" %}
{% photoGridItem "https://s3.amazonaws.com/palomakop.tv/notes/patch-logs/sphere_patch.png", "Screenshot of touch designer patch", false, true %}
{% endphotoGrid %}

This one uses an actual 3D scene, a very simple one with just a floating sphere, two lights, and a camera. The phong material applied to the sphere has a texture that is being generated by a pulse wave, with the phase being animated, so it looks like a slowly scrolling series of vertical lines. The pulse wave is set to a high frequency, so the stripes are dense and numerous — but the resolution on the "render" TOP is set to pretty low (180 x 180 pixels), so those stripes are getting aliased to hell. That aliasing is what is creating the moiré patterns. Plus the texture mapping on the sphere is "equidistant azimuth" mode, so without the aliasing, it actually looks like this:

{% photoGrid "vertical" %}
{% photoGridItem "https://s3.amazonaws.com/palomakop.tv/notes/patch-logs/sphere_hires.tiff", "A weird stripey sphere", false, true %}
{% endphotoGrid %}

Weird, right? At some point in the process, I also tried animating the resolution with an LFO, but animating the phase of the pulse wave produced smoother movement, so I went with that. Not sure I'd do this exact thing again, but I work for an art studio that makes op art with lots of dense, skinny lines, and I am constantly fascinated by the patterns they produce in the scaled-down thumbnail images. I always wondered if I could do something with that idea. The result is that I guess I can, but it looks very strange, and the visible upscaling artifacts / crunchiness is hard for me to embrace aesthetically.

Anyway, I'm out of time for today. Looking forward to seeing what else happens, now that I kind of know how to use this program better!

Here is the Touch Designer file if anyone wants to play with it:

📁 {% extLink "sphere.6.toe.zip", "https://s3.amazonaws.com/palomakop.tv/notes/patch-logs/sphere.6.toe.zip" %}
