---
title: 'Traveling + Life Updates'
thumbnail: 'https://s3.amazonaws.com/palomakop.tv/news/2023/2023-06-13/van.jpg'
thumbnailAlt: 'The phase shift van'
date: '2023-06-13'
---

For the past few years, I've been living in Brooklyn, working a full-time tech job, and helping run a video art studio and collective called Phase Space out of my basement. Now, I've left the city and started a six-month road trip across the USA and back with my partner &amp; collaborator, Andrei. Since we have left Brooklyn for the foreseeable future, Phase Space has come to a close after four excellent years of offering workshops, events, and community. However, some of my friends and I are working on some new projects which will continue the spirit of Phase in two ways...

First of these is **Phase Shift Collective**, which consists of Andrei and myself teaching workshops, attending artist residencies, and visiting art spaces across the country as we travel. You can find out more on our new website for this (also lovingly hand-coded with plain html/css):

🌐 <a href="https://phaseshift.zone" rel="noopener" target="_blank">phaseshift.zone</a>

Secondly, me, Andrei, and our friends Tim Caldwell and Sean Hallowell have started **Polyphase Portal**, a DIY, collectively-run online school that hosts workshops, classes, and talks. We already have some classes on the schedule, and I hope to lead an online workshop in the next few months on making simple, hand-coded websites in HTML and CSS that bring back some of the magic of the early internet. Polyphase is online at:

🌐 <a href="https://polyphaseportal.xyz" rel="noopener" target="_blank">polyphaseportal.xyz</a>

We've only just started our road trip, and we are deliberately moving quite slowly, but we'll be on the west coast by September, and then driving back and spending most of the winter in upstate New York. Our first major stop will be at a 1-week residency later this month at <a href="https://feed.art" rel="noopener" target="_blank">FEED</a>, a new art center in Erie, Pennsylvania, founded by Benton C Bainbridge.

I am hoping that these life changes will will lead to more time and energy spent on creative and independent projects, and I'm looking forward to spending more time in nature and meeting like-minded people in different parts of the country. I find my lifestyle is becoming more and more offline and low-tech, but I also want to stay connected and share what I'm up to, so <a href="/newsletter">stay tuned</a> for more updates over the next few months!

