---
title: "Zine Club is Dead; Long Live AV Club!*"
thumbnail: "https://s3.amazonaws.com/palomakop.tv/news/2026/2026-07-05/av_club_banner.jpg"
thumbnailAlt: "AV club banner"
date: "2026-07-05"
updates:
  - date: "2026-07-05"
    message: "Wrote a blog post about [my new AV Club project]()"
    image: True
---

<small>*title phrase credit: 西西</small>

In spring of 2024, I began a new project called Zine Club, in which people could purchase a membership and receive *Mystery Objects* (mailed parcels containing small art-objects) and *Digital E-zines* (virtual zines delivered via e-mail) at regular intervals. Since then, creating things for Zine Club became a ritual for me. It motivated me to create small things more often, and it provided me with a small but reliable income source that allowed me to spend more time on my art practice. I consistently received feedback that people were delighted and surprised by the things I sent them.

Zine Club grew to over 40 members. While I had initially thought that more members would be more efficient through economy of scale, it turned out that instead, my systems began to show their cracks. Time spent packaging items, increased shipping costs, and manual email sending began to encroach upon my ability to sustain the project. Additionally, my practice in making Zines and Objects began to feel somehow separate from my main art practice, which deals with audio-visual systems.

AV Club is a new project I've just launched, which will take the place of Zine Club going forward. There is a new name, and some things have changed, in the service of making the project more maintainable and aligned with my practice. The focus may shift to include more writing and technique-sharing, accompanying the art itself. But the overall intention is the same: make strange and intriguing things, and send them to people. I am happy to report that, in the first few days of AV Club's existence, 17 members have already joined — many of them former members of the sunsetting Zine Club.

AV Club has its own website, and I already wrote more about the project in the {% extLink "intro post", "https://avclub.palomakop.tv/introducing-av-club/" %} there. If you're interested in supporting and receiving weird art, give it a read and consider subscribing!

Meanwhile, I've sent out three Mystery Objects and two E-zines since my last "reveal post," so I'll share them here. See below for images of the final Zine Club editions. Also, the [zine club webpage](/zine-club) will stay up as an archive of the project.

Thanks to everyone who supported Zine Club over its two-year existence. I look forward to carrying the torch onward into the new era of AV Club!

{% photoGrid "two-column" %}
{% photoGridItem "https://s3.amazonaws.com/palomakop.tv/zine-club/gallery/vessels_zine_1.jpg", "Vessels zine", true, false %}
{% photoGridItem "https://s3.amazonaws.com/palomakop.tv/zine-club/gallery/vessels_zine_2.jpg", "Vessels zine interior", true, false %}
{% photoGridItem "https://s3.amazonaws.com/palomakop.tv/zine-club/gallery/vessels_stickers.jpg", "Vessels sticker set", true, false %}
{% photoGridItem "https://s3.amazonaws.com/palomakop.tv/zine-club/gallery/space_time_patch.jpg", "Space Energy Time Matter embroidered patch", true, false %}
{% photoGridItem "https://s3.amazonaws.com/palomakop.tv/zine-club/gallery/recipes_for_vessels_ezine.jpg", "Recipes for Vessels e-zine", true, false %}
{% photoGridItem "https://s3.amazonaws.com/palomakop.tv/zine-club/gallery/white_magic_ezine.jpg", "White Magic zine", true, false %}
{% endphotoGrid %}
